Movie Booking Website
The goal is to create a simple ticketing platform which displays a bunch of
movies. Users can register or login. They can visit a movie page, see what
theatres is the movie screened and buy tickets for a movie.

Requirements
1. Home Page
a. Display all the movies, ordered by latest screened.
b. Navigation:
“Home”, “Login”, “Register” (when logged out)
“Home”, “Bookings”, “Logout” (when logged in)

2. Movie Page
a. Display list of all theatres the movie is screened along with the start time of the
show.
b. Each theatre has multiple shows running daily (seed them with random times, eg.
9:00, 11:00, 14:30, 17:30)
c. Each theatre has a seat limit (seed them with random limits, eg. 50, 75, 100)
d. Each show has an associated ticket fee.
e. Actions: “Book” / “Cancel” for each show. (Show them only when logged in)
3. Bookings Page
a. Display list of all bookings the logged-in user has made in descending order.
b. The user must land on this page after logging in.
4. Login Page
a. Fields: Email, Password
5. Register Page
a. Fields: Email, Password, Confirm Password, Name, Gender
6. Users should not be allowed to book or cancel a past show. (Hide or disable the buttons)
7. Users should not be allowed to book beyond the seat limit. (Hide or disable the buttons)
Bonus Requirements
If you complete early, add these additional requirements to get bonus points:
1. User gets a 5% discount on the ticket if gender is female.
2. Coupon codes can be applied while purchasing tickets.

Technology

1. Ruby on Rails
2. Gems are allowed.
3. Twitter Bootstrap or any other UI toolkit is allowed, but not necessary.

Judging
1. Database Schema - Needs to be flawless. It’s the basic architecture of your application.
2. Code Style - Use indents, spaces wisely.
3. Code Quality - Understanding of MVC & OOPS will be tested.
4. Ruby & Rails Skills - Using neat tricks in the language or framework will earn points.
5. Completion of Requirements
6. Completion of Bonus Requirements
No points for aesthetics. You don’t need images, etc. Twitter Bootstrap should be more than
enough to keep the overall look and feel clean.

GOOD LUCK!
